[CAM-11119] Cloud Academy: review documentation explaining CAM Lyfecycle editor (#2745)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Core Concepts/lifecycle-editor.md

2. Make event script changes in the event tab. The tab shows an asterisk to indicate any unsaved changes.
3. When done, click **Save**.

> If you make event script changes in the event tab and close editor (without press 'Save' button), you have other opportunity to save the changes. To save the changes press 'Save' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you make event script changes in the event tab and try to close editor (without pressing the 'Save' button), a confirmation dialog will warn you about the pending changes. If you want to keep the changes press the 'Save' button on this dialog.
```

![lifecycle-editor-4.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/lifecycle-editor-4.png)

> If you edit variable values and close editor (without press 'Save' button), you have other opportunity to save the changes. To save the changes press 'Save' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you edit variable values and try to close editor (without pressing the 'Save' button), a confirmation dialog will warn you about the pending changes. If you want to keep the changes press the 'Save' button on this dialog.
```

![lifecycle-editor-7.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/lifecycle-editor-7.png)

> If you edit the binding variable and close editor (without press 'Save' button), you have other opportunity to save the changes. To save the changes press 'Save' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you edit the binding variable and try to close editor (without pressing the 'Save' button), a confirmation dialog will warn you about the pending changes. If you want to keep the changes press the 'Save' button on this dialog.
```
